hey guys what is up in Easley hit and
welcome to a new video now this is going
to be parts here with a three-part
series that we're going to be doing for
qbd and obviously part 2 meaning that
I've killed qbd 500 times now now if you
want to watch the first part of 250
kills before watching this video please
click the link that I'll leave on screen
somewhere and other than that guys and
hope you enjoy a rush to the video now
I've received five effigies as you can
see in the top left up here with the FG
counter that you guys seem to like and
gave me great feedback in the last video
on the comment section yeah thanks for
that and I received five as you guys can
see now on to the main loop which I'll
open the price wreck at the same time
cash 9.8 mill very nice round figure as
qbd does drop anywhere between 150 k 2
200 k that's it really easy to calculate
the Royal bolts and onto the runes as
well robots and putting on k robots and
13 k death rune 16.5 k blood runes
they're really nice cup calculate as
well because they are dropped up at
around number 525 of a keys 114 FUNKER
Dragon stones which I have swapped for
the dragon dagger if you guys are
wondering why I've taken that out from a
previous video that is only because I've
received one and I want to see their
only what 50k please so there isn't
really any point adding that in the tab
rather replace it with such a more
valuable items such as an uncut Dragons
done now answered see those potions such
as the restores and the bruise the
bruise are useless now so they're only
90 gph compared to pre-empt stores
nonetheless now on to the resourceful
items such as
the logs and hide in the bones which
boost the tab up quite significantly as
you can see almost 3k roldy high that
equates to almost 20 mil and 4k dragon
bones as well which is just over 20 ml
and the 5.1 k a piece of the moment sir
qbd is a really good money method and
for you lower level players if you can
actually kill you BD now on to the seeds
snapdragons tour stores and magic seeds
which boosted tab quite nicely i think
around four mil there just in them three
types of seeds now 460 tour stalls and
1500 Grammy Laden times which are 10.4
KH at the moment which equate the
16-point CML which is absolutely amazing
now on to the oars as well 15.3 k called
2.5 k rd and just over 1000 ruin or
which obviously rune or is quite
expensive 7.3 KH which equals 11.1 mill
and finally on to onyx bowl tips which
are 8.3 KH that's quite a surprise which
is a total of nine mil now on to the
items the QbD drops at a more rare
chance so six tronic massages bigger
boost from my to that I'd received in
just 250 kills have been really lucky
they're still on the one dragon kite
shield however but I'm on see the oil
parts and the dragon belt upgrade kits
six dragon bone upgrade kits and 15 bra
bulge stabilizers eighth Royal sites
April frames and five Royal torsion
springs which all the crossbow pieces i
do believe are the same drop rate so
obviously that is a lot of luck based
i'll receive more stabilizers and i have
any of of the any of the other three
pieces but them that's how the drop
table works and obviously that is how
you know the rarity of the drops and
stuff like that but that is a total of
140 point 3 mil just in 500 kills which
is absolutely superb to think that I've
still got another 500 have 500 of these
to kill and just the amount that I'm
going to equate like
logs and stuff that I'm going to end up
with you're going to be absolutely
awesome but other than that guys thank
you very much for watching the video and
I hope to see you in an excellent piece